hey what's going on guys am i Jordan B
1309 and in this video I would be
talking and showing you some wanted cars
for GTA 5 online before we begin I'd
appreciate if you leave a like in the
video just to get out there for us to
say but take two seconds of your time
but really does make a difference and
also be sure to subscribe if you need
for all the best GTA 5 content we're
going to get straight into this video
now so basically over the last few days
a new type of mod things came out for
GTA 5 online and this allows you to put
nitrous nitrous literally actual nitro
speed onto your vehicles and they have
to be under 50k because I'm going to get
insight into a second but as you can see
the first car I show you sort an RS I
have a race against another and it's
gonna see well you can't hear it because
unfortunately I am while I was doing
this gameplay I had the radio one strike
I'll show you the actual like hissing
sound of the nitrous because I've said
that way you'll hear the radio not so
copyright in stuff so I'm sure I'll wait
that I'll show you that at the end and
where I actually don't have to read you
one so you can actually hear the nitrous
on it to prove that actually got natural
speed on it and this is the second
vehicle that I've done it fun on this
vehicle was Frank's - Trev craft Pro I
don't call him that
it was called trust tutorials now and
basically this vehicle him he like gives
you the file for it and then you can put
it on but basically to get these
vehicles now all you need is a USB
that's it you don't need a muddy console
or anything we need to do is have a USB
and download all of it in the
description something called a GTA 5
save editor now in the save editor when
you go into a garage and basically what
you need to do is on single-player mode
a car and choose any car you want us to
be under 50k and what you need to do is
as you can see once you've selected you
can chose what primary call and all that
and once you've minded it on the bottom
right corner will say nitrous no you
need to tick that and say you fire and
then put it on to your single player now
when you load up single-player the
vehicle will be on or off nitrous on it
and that so now all you need to do is do
the single plates and were to play a
glitch I'll have a tutorial in
description so you can see that and
basically that way you can just bring it
onto online and then you can have it now
I will be duplicating this for players
so if you like me to duplicate find just
leave a like post game tag down below
and I will gradually try and get some
obviously I can't guarantee an invite I
will try my best to get some advice done
but yeah so if wanna stay up to date
would like to follow me on twitter i jb
1409 but basically with this vehicle
like i said you shouldn't use a save
editor and just take nitrous and what
any car and well put any of your cars in
single play with nitrous on then used to
a single played someone who play glitch
and that way you've got it for GTA 5
online now these are my garage they have
insured which is pretty awesome and like
I said it will duplicate in these four
players so miss post game play down
below or tweet me on Twitter or
something and I will open one B's at
certain times and I'll get people in and
then we'll duplicate the vehicles and
that would be awesome because that way
you can have nitrous so I'm gonna leave
it here now so you can hear the nitrous
for yourself this is a how-to twelth
basically an awesome you might come in
for TT x5 online and I'm sure it can
only get better so thanks for watching
guys hope you enjoyed the video and just
before I finish if you are going to post
down below oh you Delaine hi splob are
those a lot of nonsense guys don't
believe it
Valentimes DLC came out didn't it and
well that should have been delayed if if
all these other things would delay in
heist and all that so you know these
things aren't delaying it rocks I have
enough people on the team so they're
fixed glitches and that and also create
dlco same time so don't believe any of
that guys thanks for watching and I'll
see you guys in my next video
take it easy peace out
you wanna jump figures home run down
quicker sweeping Cooper youngest when
they come they get some funds because my
team isoprene I believe run what they
told me guys are the dreams come and
have some fun with just say Jack and
trying to come up in the game right